Where's your off button?
You're so real. A real ass.
I'm not shy. I just don't like you.
My hair straightener is hotter than you.
I have heels higher than your standards.
You have more faces than Mount Rushmore.
I'm jealous of people who don't know you.
You're entitled to your incorrect opinion.
Im visualizing duck tape over your mouth.
You're the reason I prefer animals to people.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
I'd smack you, but that would be animal abuse.
You sound reasonable… Time to up my medication.
Hey, I found your nose, it's in my business again!
I might be crazy, but crazy is better than stupid.
My middle finger gets a boner every time I see you.
Is there an app I can download to make you disappear?
90% of your ‘beauty' could be removed with a Kleenex.
The people who know me the least have the most to say.
I am allergic to stupidity, so I break out in sarcasm.
I didn't change. I grew up. You should try it sometime.
My phone battery lasts longer than your relationships.
I'm sorry that my brutal honesty inconvenienced your ego.
Some people should use a glue stick instead of chapstick.
It's scary to think people like you are allowed to vote.
I forgot the world revolves around you. My apologies, how silly of me.
I only take you everywhere I go just so I don't have to kiss you goodbye.
Hold still. I'm trying to imagine you with personality.
Our kid must have gotten his brain from you! I still have mine.
Your face makes onions cry.
The only way my husband would ever get hurt during an activity is if the TV exploded.
You look so pretty. Not at all gross, today.
Her teeth were so bad she could eat an apple through a fence.
I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
I'm not a nerd, I'm just smarter than you.
Keep rolling your eyes, you might eventually find a brain.
Your face is just fine but we'll have to put a bag over that personality.
You bring everyone so much joy, when you leave the room.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take out the trash.
Don't worry about me. Worry about your eyebrows.